[music]
There was a princess named Elizabeth
who was gonna marry a prince named Ronald.
Unfortunately a large dragon flew up.
It took an enormous fiery breath.
Rooooaaaarrrrr!
Burned up all of Elizabeth's castle,
burned up all of her clothes,
carried off Ronald for dinner.
Elizabeth decided she had to chase that dragon.
The only thing she could find that wasn't burnt was a paper bag.
She put it on
and went after the dragon.
The dragon was easy to follow
because it left a trail of burnt forest,
horses' bones and things like that.
She came all the way to a cave.
It was a dragon's cave.
She walked up to the door and knocked.
BONG!
The dragon opened up the door.
Stuck out its enormous big nose
and said, "GO AWAY!
I have already eaten one castle today.
Come back tomorrow."
[noise]
Elizabeth said, "I have to get it. I have to get in."
She knocked again.
BONG!
The dragon opened up a door.
[sound of door opening]
Before the dragon could say anything,
Elizabeth said, "Dragon, dragon, dragon, is it true?
Is it true? Is it true, dragon,
that you can burn up five forests with one fiery breath?"
The dragon says, "Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah."
It took a deep breath.
[dragon inhaling and exhaling]
Burned up five whole forests.
It was an incredible fire.
Elizabeth says, "Dragon, that was fantastic.
Just one more time, please."
The dragon took the deepest possible breath.
[dragon inhaling and exhaling]
He burned up 100 forests.
He didn't have any fire left.
Elizabeth says, "Dragon, dragon, is it true? Is it true?
Is it true, dragon, that you can fly around
the whole wide world in just five seconds?"
The dragon says, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah."
He jumps up. He went around the whole world in five seconds.
[dragon flying around]
He gets back.
He's really tired.
[sound of dragon panting]
Elizabeth says, "Oh, dra-dra-dragon, amazing.
Could you do it one more time? Pleeeaaase."
The dragon says, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah."
He jumps up. He goes around ... [sound effect of dragon flying]
Falls right down and goes to sleep.
Elizabeth says very softly, "Dragon."
He doesn't move.
She says louder, "Dragon."
He doesn't move at all.
She lifts up the dragon's enormous ear,
says as loud as she can, "Dragon!!!"
The dragon doesn't move.
She says, "This dragon is asleep."
She goes and opens up the door of the cave.
[sound of creaky cave door]
There is Prince Ronald.
He looks at her.
He says, "Elizabeth, Elizabeth,
your hair is all dirty. Your clothes are all messed up.
You don't have any shoes on and you smell like a dragon's ear.
Come back and rescue me when you're dressed like a real princess."
Elizabeth says, "Ronald. Ronald!
Your hair is all nice. Your clothes are all pretty.
You look like a nice guy, Ronald.
But you know what?
YOU ARE A BUM!"
And they didn't get married after all.